Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to install one 2.2
14 video rapid fire. You can generate
video five time faster than the previous
versions. Okay, first thing first uh
let's install download and stop the camp
UI. You can get uh the installation
process
and the comment and the description link
in the description. Okay. Now let's go
here and download this file
uh from the hugging face. You can get
the link on the description. Okay. One
2.2 14 and one.
>> Okay.
Press this. I want to use this uh V9
version.
Okay,
this is the first version is image to
video 23 GB is this is text to videos
and this video want to do with this one
text to videos.
Okay, for make it for six GB V RAM, you
can uh test those versions and get the
best one for you. For me, this this V9
with the RTX 3060, I get around 10
minutes. Okay, let's test it.
Okay, text video.
Copy download link. I use the EDM
to download.
Okay,
let's begin. After downloading. Okay, I
already downloaded. After downloading
it, I get this file 1 GB. Okay, let's go
here. Copy it.
Copy this file. And let's go here to my
confview I portal.
MUI
modus.
I want to put this file and check.
Okay, fine. Let's return here to compi
Windows portable
and run it.
Okay, fine.
Let's add uh take this and let's add new
workflow now. Add my workflow. Where is
my workflow? Download this. Okay. Uh one
2.2 text video fusion. This one.
Okay. To add my
Let's load my uh checkpoint. Okay.
and add my
own right here. This is the only one.
And this then let's me make 5 seconds.
Okay. Let's make
150 frames.
Okay. The resolution is uh 480
pixels.
A video combined decoder is on is good.
Now let's go ahead
and add a property.
>> Let's to use this prompt right here
example.
>> Okay.
And that
>> it run
the work is
okay. It reads deposit. Hey prompt
simpler. Okay. The time here is 12 22
112 12. And let's see how many times it
takes
task manager to see the memory usage.
Okay, for the CPU is used 4 G
for the memory is use
30 G of RA and the show GPU it's 12.
It's a lot.
Okay, let's see.
Okay fine. Uh the video is ended.
Okay. It takes around
15 minutes
to generate a sample 5 seconds video.
You can save the preview.
Okay. This is my 5 seconds video.
Z the one point.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for see you later in the next
tutorial. I want to test another module.